Now let's move on to what r token said, he got really,
really angry,
the truth is he got really angry
with delux and let's see, I wouldn't want to
heat things up here and that's why the
truth is that today uh what I would have
liked was for both of them to be able to
share space here Okay and to have
come today for a little while so that he could have been
commenting on his his explanation no and
his version of the events no like
you all of the so many hours no well that
he could have been here for a little while also
commenting well look This is what
happened this is what we did and such okay e
But well he's going through a
very hard time the truth is it's a
personal thing that me Wait they're
sending me something
here Okay um and it couldn't be okay it
couldn't be I don't know if another day it will be
if the controversy continues or something
like that okay I personally doubt that
this controversy will have much more scope
I think that in a few days the issue will
die down and whoever wants to continue in the
project will continue uh I think that
daras project will continue to manage it
and  will continue managing and as for the
public issue and the controversy, well it will
simply remain a bit for Well it
is an issue that is now being exploited to the
maximum by the content creators who
talk about this subject and outside okay
the controversy will end and it will be able to continue
normally I think that r Here too It is
true that it has become heated because it is
at this moment okay he will have taken
badly what delox said of course
but I believe and I hope that they manage to bring
positions closer when a few days
pass and everything passes and well both of them
understand each other okay because I think that they are two
people capable of understanding each other I spoke
with delox last night
e and I spoke today with ret okay I
spoke today with r that I did not know that he
followed me and and I found him and I told him
not in case he wanted to
come and and I found out about the situation I have already told him that I am very sorry and it makes me very sad that he is going through these moments and Well I understand that also you want it does not affect much between the stress of everything you are experiencing these days
and all the things that have gone wrong what is being
said and such
okay the same thing I said about  Ricky Dallas
Okay, let's see, I always advocate for
peace. I always advocate for peace. Now
if they fight. Well, if they fight, let it
be here at the salsería. Someone should
tell the clown who calls himself Turbo
Plan and Delox that I was not present at
my funeral. Because he passed away. Ah, well,
he said it in public. Because one
of my girlfriend's parents passed away, but
even though he is at the wake and in burial, I
took the time to take
legal action against him. I recommend that you
delete your videos. They used the websites of
a known criminal named Newman
Perez to support their accusations.
Very dark days are coming for them. There is no good
light in the courts. And by the way,
Pambi is a mega scam. Well, let's see, of
course. It's because here they are mixing up
Turbo Plane. Look, Delos has
sued Turbo Plan. By the way, there
is a conflict with that lawsuit that is ridiculous.
If they want them to tell it, let them
tell it, okay, because they are fighting in
the courts because this does not belong to me,
here it belongs there, and there they are. Okay,
well, they are even looking at resources
without having.  started F t slow that is
justice marco Thank you very much
welcome friend eh but of course he
is putting you both in the same bag
and I don't know what
Turbo plan said but well I understand that it must have been
his line especially with
Dallas involved Well it must have been
the [ __ ] no but man delos today
apologized to r I don't know if it
reached him no I haven't gotten to say
anything because I haven't wanted to
bother him much I have spoken very little with
him eh but in the case of delox he
apologized Yesterday when we were
here talking when delos told me about
that news I also
came across that news Look, I'm not
going to fool you also RAE have to
understand and I understand his position of
course and the situation he's in
okay because you create a project
with all the good intentions and you make
mistakes in things and people
accuse you of a thousand worse things man you're
screwed okay but of course you also have to
look at the position from outside of course a
person who doesn't know you who doesn't know about
you that I don't know what that no  I know
how much and suddenly a few screenshots come out
accusing you of being a
scammer and having shady business dealings and
suddenly a wallet comes out and they catch you
without wanting to because you have sold 100,000
bucks damn it's normal that there are people
who Damn That don't know you and think
badly and then well we have to wait for your
explanations okay Yeah sure I said
[ __ ] but it's true that
the screenshots yesterday talking to delos you
can find it that when delos
mentioned this subject to me I said let's see I
saw the screenshots on
Inc Kai's Twitter and I saw them a little weird
a little to the screenshots they
made about well do you remember not this
guy with whom I now have a trial no who
released news saying that my father
was a pedophile who slept with my
children and some atrocities that well
I hope the guy goes to jail you
remember no about that no
Well but of course I don't understand why not the
delos and apart from that today he
apologized in his video Also that no no We
have reached that part but  I
understand that they can understand each other by talking, I
haven't seen the Turbo plan video But
I'm sure that the level will not have been the
same as the delox's okay
em By the way, if Pan Vi is a mega
scam, if supposedly I took
people's money, why does it keep going
up? Could it be that there are more people who don't
believe this stupidity, who repeat it
like parrots, fake news to those who
believed that the token was going to zero that it
was dead I recommend that you don't
open charts this week, you are going to feel
what true power is in the world
of crypto, they are telling me now
here, I don't know if it's true or not that it has
reached the cent No, not now,
yes, let's see Lone Sure, but I
understand it because things have happened to me too, they have
done things to me and killed her, but you
also have to understand that people
who are surfing the internet
suddenly come across these things, no
And what about the W and all that, well, damn, you have to
go out and give an explanation,
unfortunately, that's how it is, okay And you will say
no, but well, first before accusing,
you have to, well, but let's see, it's the internet,
by the way, how pathetic  I'm looking forward to going to Spain soon. Since I'm a lawyer, I also like the smell of wood in the Courts. I don't know if those who are used to the rancid smell of their rooms like to argue as
much as I do, but in front of a judge, I'm going to continue working on the most
trending token of
2024. Okay, well, apart from being racist, I'm not surprised. I
've already seen several
private and public messages in which he
refers to me with a tone of contempt as
the Venezuelan. I have a name and if he has the
balls to put it on screen using
pages of the biggest scammer in Latin America
called Newman Pérez  who refers
to me as
r Well this is what he said I hope
that they clarify it no and that
they talk no and that they come to understand each other and
with
turboplane he will release a video of this
saying that no that he is even more scammed
and that's it, he is always caught The delox
Well
[Music]